README.md, before:

## Daniele Lixi

[About](#about) | [Projects](#projects) | [Education](#education) | [Experience](#experience) | [Interests](#interests) | [Links](#links)


Full Stack Developer with 10 years experience in the IT field. I moved to London to attend Europe's leading Web Developer bootcamp "Makers Academy". I am now looking for a position where I can make a difference using my wide skillset while keep growing, and become a better developer than I was yesterday.

## About
When describing my self I like to use the latin word "Omnia" which translates to "everything".
I am that guy that you know you can contact if you need anything fixed or built.

My insatiable curiosity to know how things work coupled with fast learning skills always led me to embark in new and exciting challenges.
While starting an hardware recycling company, becoming an on-site hardware Tech responsible for several international companies, studying aircraft engineering, and building stages for concerts around Europe.
My motto was always "if a human being did that, I can do it too".

And then, 2 years ago, with no previous coding experience I taught myself Python in a couple of months and built an integration module between my company's current logistic software and a 3rd party sales portal. This got me hooked on coding.

I continued my journey by completing several MOOC in computer science, and finally decided to put my "everything" into becoming a Full Stack Developer.

## Projects
For a complete list, see my [GitHub](https://github.com/y0m0?tab=repositories).

| Project           | Description | Technologies |
|---                |---          |---           |
| [Imāgo](https://tranquil-reef-45735.herokuapp.com)  | A photo sharing app based on the popular Instagram, built over the course of a weekned. Solo RoR project | Ruby, Rails, Bulma.io, RSpec, Capybara |  
| [Make It Rain](https://github.com/tobywinter/makeitrain) | Predicting short and long term movement of FTSE Index using machine learning. First dive into Machine Learning during a group project. | Python, SciKit, Numpy, Pandas, Flask |  
| [The Chitter](https://github.com/y0m0/chitter-challenge) | A micro messaging app that allows user to share their posts, available on Heroku [here](https://the-chitter.herokuapp.com/) | Ruby, Sinatra, Bootstrap, PostgreSQL, DataMapper, bcrypt, RSpec, Capybara |  


## Education

**Makers Academy** *May 2017 - July 2017*  
- Independent learner and problem-solver
- OOP, TDD, Agile, MVC, BDD, XP values
- Software Craftsmanship
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, Express, Python
- RSpec, Jasmine, Mocha, Zombie,

**Edx - CS50** *February 2016*  
C++, Python, SQL, built a working breakout game with SPL

**Edx - MITx: 6.00.1x** *January 2015 - March 2015*  
Python, introduction to Computer Science, algorithm complexity analysis

**Cisco ICND1 & ICDN2** *2010*  
Administration of devices on small or medium-sized networks, networking protocols

**ITIS C.Grassi - Expert in Aircraft Constructions** *1999 - 2004*  
Construction and maintenance of aircrafts, CAD design, Mechanics

## Experience

**IT Manager, Villa Import** *Oslo, October 2013 - April 2017*  
ERP & CRM system manager  
Logistics & HACCP system supervision  
Network and Devices management  
Customer relations and sales

**Web Developer,** [**Treasure Toscana**](http://www.treasuretoscana.com/) *Oslo, March 2015 - September 2015*  
PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript

**Barista, Dolce Vita** *Oslo, April 2012 - September 2013*

**Quality Control, Optimal Print** *Oslo, February 2012 - May 2012*

**System Administrator, Web Runner** *Turin, December 2010 - August 2011*  
Sys-Admin and Instructor for an open source based internet point,  
aiming to give access to technology to citizens that can't afford it

**On site IT Technician, One Click** *Turin, 2007 - 2011*   
On site support for several international companies like HP Italy, ENI, Wincor Nixdorf, etc.  
Hardware & software support and repair  
Installation, configuration and maintenance of networking solutions

**Co-Founder, OneClick** *Turin, 2010*  
Hardware refurbishing E-Commerce in collaboration with the city electronic waste recycling sites

**Rigger / Scaffolder, Show Building** *Europe, 2004 - 2007*

## Interests
 **Building, Fixing, and breaking things**: I love getting my hand dirty on literally anything that can be taken apart,
 **Skateboarding**: plenty of scars to prove it  
 **Martial Arts**: moved from JKD to KungFu, now practicing Jiu-Jitsu (no, not the Brazilian one)  
 **Network Security**: still trying to push through the De-ICE challenges..  

## Links

<p align="center">
<a href="https://twitter.com/YoMoZ">
<img src="http://goinkscape.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/twitter-logo-final.png" alt="twitter" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniele-lixi-04190310a">
<img src="https://www.iconfinder.com/data/icons/free-social-icons/67/linkedin_circle_color-512.png" alt="linkedin" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Adds Ductu to the list of projects
Fix Imāgo heroku link

README.md, after:

## Daniele Lixi

[About](#about) | [Projects](#projects) | [Education](#education) | [Experience](#experience) | [Interests](#interests) | [Links](#links)


Full Stack Junior Developer with 10 years experience in the IT field. I moved to London to attend Europe's leading Web Developer bootcamp "Makers Academy". I am now looking for a position where I can make a difference using my wide skillset while keep growing, and become a better developer than I was yesterday.

## About
When describing my self I like to use the latin word "Omnia" which translates to "everything".
I am that guy that you know you can contact if you need anything fixed or built.

My insatiable curiosity to know how things work coupled with fast learning skills always led me to embark in new and exciting challenges.
While starting an hardware recycling company, becoming an on-site hardware Tech responsible for several international companies, studying aircraft engineering, and building stages for concerts around Europe.
My motto was always "if a human being did that, I can do it too".

And then, 2 years ago, with no previous coding experience I taught myself Python in a couple of months and built an integration module between my company's current logistic software and a 3rd party sales portal. This got me hooked on coding.

I continued my journey by completing several MOOC in computer science, and finally decided to put my "everything" into becoming a Full Stack Developer.

## Projects
For a complete list, see my [GitHub](https://github.com/y0m0?tab=repositories).

| Project           | Description | Technologies |
|---                |---          |---           |
| [Ductu](https://ductu.herokuapp.com/) | A mentorship platform that aims to close the gap between Mentors and Mentess, by giving them an easy way to connect, and effectivly share content and feedbacks.| Express, Node.js, ES6, MongoDB, Pug, PassportJS,Mocha, Chai, Zombie |
| [Imāgo](https://production-imago.herokuapp.com) | A photo sharing app based on the popular Instagram, built over the course of a weekned. Solo RoR project | Ruby, Rails, Bulma.io, RSpec, Capybara |  
| [Make It Rain](https://github.com/tobywinter/makeitrain) | Predicting short and long term movement of FTSE Index using machine learning. First dive into Machine Learning during a group project. | Python, SciKit, Numpy, Pandas, Flask |  
| [The Chitter](https://github.com/y0m0/chitter-challenge) | A micro messaging app that allows user to share their posts, available on Heroku [here](https://the-chitter.herokuapp.com/) | Ruby, Sinatra, Bootstrap, PostgreSQL, DataMapper, bcrypt, RSpec, Capybara |  


## Education

**Makers Academy** *May 2017 - July 2017*  
- Independent learner and problem-solver
- OOP, TDD, Agile, MVC, BDD, XP values
- Software Craftsmanship
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, Express, Python
- RSpec, Jasmine, Mocha, Zombie,

**Edx - CS50** *February 2016*  
C++, Python, SQL, built a working breakout game with SPL

**Edx - MITx: 6.00.1x** *January 2015 - March 2015*  
Python, introduction to Computer Science, algorithm complexity analysis

**Cisco ICND1 & ICDN2** *2010*  
Administration of devices on small or medium-sized networks, networking protocols

**ITIS C.Grassi - Expert in Aircraft Constructions** *1999 - 2004*  
Construction and maintenance of aircrafts, CAD design, Mechanics

## Experience

**IT Manager, Villa Import** *Oslo, October 2013 - April 2017*  
ERP & CRM system manager  
Logistics & HACCP system supervision  
Network and Devices management  
Customer relations and sales

**Web Developer,** [**Treasure Toscana**](http://www.treasuretoscana.com/) *Oslo, March 2015 - September 2015*  
PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript

**Barista, Dolce Vita** *Oslo, April 2012 - September 2013*

**Quality Control, Optimal Print** *Oslo, February 2012 - May 2012*

**System Administrator, Web Runner** *Turin, December 2010 - August 2011*  
Sys-Admin and Instructor for an open source based internet point,  
aiming to give access to technology to citizens that can't afford it

**On site IT Technician, One Click** *Turin, 2007 - 2011*   
On site support for several international companies like HP Italy, ENI, Wincor Nixdorf, etc.  
Hardware & software support and repair  
Installation, configuration and maintenance of networking solutions

**Co-Founder, OneClick** *Turin, 2010*  
Hardware refurbishing E-Commerce in collaboration with the city electronic waste recycling sites

**Rigger / Scaffolder, Show Building** *Europe, 2004 - 2007*

## Interests
 **Building, Fixing, and breaking things**: I love getting my hand dirty on literally anything that can be taken apart,
 **Skateboarding**: plenty of scars to prove it  
 **Martial Arts**: moved from JKD to KungFu, now practicing Jiu-Jitsu (no, not the Brazilian one)  
 **Network Security**: still trying to push through the De-ICE challenges..  

## Links

<p align="center">
<a href="https://twitter.com/YoMoZ">
<img src="http://goinkscape.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/twitter-logo-final.png" alt="twitter" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniele-lixi-04190310a">
<img src="https://www.iconfinder.com/data/icons/free-social-icons/67/linkedin_circle_color-512.png" alt="linkedin" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>
</p>
